h1. Hello World Grails Application Example

This application is a grails example which can be deployed to anynines. The steps below have to be taken to get it up and running on the server.

h2. Tutorial


h3. Package the application

$ grails war

Compiling 120 source files
Done creating WAR target/helloworld-0.1.war

h3. Deploy the application to anynines

It is recommended to use at least 512 MB of Ram for java and tomcat applications. The cf command-line tool provides the --path argument for specifying war files used for the deployment.

$ cf push --path target/helloworld-0.1.war
Name> grails

Instances> 1

1: 64M
2: 128M
3: 256M
4: 512M
5: 1G
6: 2G
Memory Limit> 4

Creating grails... OK

1: grails
2: none
Subdomain> grails

1: de.a9sapp.eu
2: none
Domain> de.a9sapp.eu

Binding grails.de.a9sapp.eu to grails... OK

Create services for application?> n

Save configuration?> y

Saving to manifest.yml... OK
Uploading grails... OK
Starting grails... OK
-----> Downloaded app package (28M)
Installing java.
Downloading JDK...
Copying openjdk-1.7.0_21.tar.gz from the buildpack cache ...
Unpacking JDK to .jdk
Downloading Tomcat: apache-tomcat-7.0.40.tar.gz
Downloading apache-tomcat-7.0.40.tar.gz from http://archive.apache.org/dist/tomcat/tomcat-7/v7.0.40/bin/ ...
Unpacking Tomcat to .tomcat
Copying mysql-connector-java-5.1.12.jar from the buildpack cache ...
Copying postgresql-9.0-801.jdbc4.jar from the buildpack cache ...
Copying auto-reconfiguration-0.6.6.jar from the buildpack cache ...
-----> Uploading staged droplet (135M)
-----> Uploaded droplet
Checking grails...
Staging in progress...
Staging in progress...
  0/1 instances: 1 starting
  0/1 instances: 1 starting
  0/1 instances: 1 starting
  0/1 instances: 1 starting
  0/1 instances: 1 starting
  0/1 instances: 1 starting
  1/1 instances: 1 running
OK

h3. Check the applications state

$ cf apps
Getting applications in myspace... OK

name     status    usage      url
grails   running   1 x 512M   grails.de.a9sapp.eu